[docs] Update old forums link to Discord forums (#24857)
expo/expo: docs/pages/faq.mdx

  BellRinging04Icon,
} from '@expo/styleguide-icons';

> This page lists some of the common questions and answers about Expo and related services. If you have a question that is not answered here, see [Forums](https://discord.gg/expo) for more common questions.

Author: ```suggestion
This page lists some of the common questions and answers about Expo and related services. If you have a question that is not answered here, see [Forums](https://chat.expo.dev/) for more common questions.
```
